yeah
today we're going to show you
how we bring this win for the
droppers on the greenstick now
first of all we need to step two
put on there you go you're
pretty good
this is just a comforter this
just smushes put the crib in
there all does to smoosh it
together in together that's
right this is what attaches the
rig's he is
JJ glad all the way down right
man
key is to have all the lakes of
these droppers just write the
squid just get on the time is
the greenstick goes down at an
angle got us with suspended now
we went we went out and we
better all I distances you know
which each vote is a little
unique because it depends on
exactly how I the stick is and
we're involved in the rail so
it's something you kind of do
from trial and error got green
squid and a good college season
go without now we need
it's important back
call you
that cup inside then
and then we go we get out once
in Greece wind up to three drop
it ready to go they catch us a
nice big factor . you get it
done correctly time tripping
stop making squares fishing
right Jay you're ready to crush
this print columbia if you're
dragging your squares another
too short to not even to be in
the water if you're dragging on
the two long dangling your rate
so it's very important droppers
right length
make sure you grab the stuff
really good grasp on their Lords
of one good strong sharp works
but so is everything else
definitely want to have good
solid connections
did you get a bite not only more
catfish you wanted to all stay
together because these giant
bluefin tuna put an enormous
about the straight on everything
alright Jay this is the last one
that will have a lot of drop is
ready to go
that's how you Rick squid
thanks for watching